Document edgedb instance credentials (#6685) (#6686)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/cli/edgedb_instance/edgedb_instance_credentials.rst

.. _ref_cli_edgedb_instance_credentials:

===========================
edgedb instance credentials
===========================

> Display instance credentials (add `--json` for verbose).

Reviewer: Oh right, also double backticks here as the test mentions

Author: Fixed https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb/pull/6686/commits/8a2fb7a5ea5ba929692243632968f3349fa6af53

> Display instance credentials (add ``--json`` for verbose).

Reviewer 2: I think we should move the note about the `--json` option to the "Options" section.
```suggestion
Display instance credentials.
```

(I know it's presented as you have it here in the CLI's `--help` output, so I'm not faulting you for it in any way.)

.. cli:synopsis::

     edgedb instance credentials [options] [connection-options]

Description
===========

``edgedb instance credentials`` is a terminal command for displaying the
credentials of an EdgeDB instance.

Options
=======

:cli:synopsis:`--json`

>     Output in JSON format (password is included in cleartext).

Reviewer 2: This completes the change suggested above and adds note of the TLS certs being included in the output here.

```suggestion
    Output in JSON format. In addition to formatting the credentials as JSON,
    this option also includes the password in cleartext and the TLS
    certificates.
```
